23.976 English
-"foreign parts only" © 07.12.2022
ANTARCTICA, WINTER 1982
"OK, I've got another one.
A good one."
"A man and a woman
are making love one night..."
"when their young boy walks in."
"Wait a minute.
Is this the right way?"
"Olav!"
"What the hell are we looking for?"
"Just keep going straight."
"We are getting close
to the source of the signal."
"OK, carry on."
"The boy is horrified.
He runs out of the room crying."
"The mother says,
"Oh my God, what should we do?"
"The father says, "I'll handle this."
"He walks out the room.
Goes and opens his son's door..."
"And there is little Sven,
lying on top of Grandma."
"Just giving her the business."
"Going up and down. Up and down."
"And the boy turns around
and looks at his father..."
"Not so funny when it's your mom, is it?"
"Stop!"
"We're close."
"We're right on top of it."
"Nobody move."
"Oh my God!"
The Thing (2011)
"Watch your step."
"...Polet..."
"Edvard!"
- "You made it!"
- "Of course I did."
"(SPEAKING NORWEGIAN)"
"We found a fucking alien!"
"Cheers!"
"There's nothing here."
"Let's check over there."
"Lars' dog."
"Did you hear that?"
"Be careful."
"Let's go."
"Oh my God."
"It killed Henrik."
"(LARS SHOUTING IN NORWEGIAN)"
"Edvard, we are running out of time."
"Peder, Jonas, bring it inside."
THULE STATION
Norwegian Research
"Shit."
"We just lost four people.
We have no helicopter or radio."
"You are making a mistake
by bringing in outside help."
"We could lose the discovery."
"Sander, we are beyond that point now."
"It's time to go."
"That's enough. Get back."
"Burn in hell."
- Is that it?
- "Yes. Done."
- No more vehicles?
- "Finished."
"Grenades."
"We have to get inside, Lars."
"(YELLING IN NORWEGIAN)"
"Don't move, demons!"
"Open your mouth."
"C'mon."
"You're next."
- "Open up, you weasel."
- Kate, come on. Kate.
"Open your mouth for God's sake!"
- "She wants us to get the Americans."
- "Let's go then."
"She's clever."
"And now she's in charge."
"Shit."
"They escaped."
"Let's go back inside."
"We have to find them."
"Lars, careful. They aren't human!"
"Wait!"
"Take it easy!"
"The threat isn't in here.
It's out there."
- "The Americans are the real enemy."
- "He's right, Peder."
"They have Lars!"
- "We have to help him!"
- Stay on them, Peder!
- "Peder, they got Lars!"
- "The enemy is outside!"
"Where is Lars?"
- Somebody tell him!
- "Peder, don't listen to him."
- Put it down!
- "They killed Lars."
"Burn them!"
- "It's going to ignite!"
- It's gonna blow! Watch out!
"Oh my God."
"Hello?"
"Hello, can anyone hear me?"
"Edvard?"
"Hello!"
"Lars!"
- "Lars, it's me damn it!"
- "Open your mouth!"
"Open it now!"
"That's no dog!"
"Start the helicopter now!"
"Get it up now! Come on!"